hello to everyone today i will tell you
how to do
birch kvass bottled now pouring
birch sap is fresh to us in every
a bottle of 10 raisin stuff is
and stuff for each bottle and for each
a bottle of pouring six canteens
good spoons of sugar, I take the first
got a bottle and not now we will show
here are the legs here 646
I want to say right away that I need a little bit
less juice basically go in principle
and so but when we will open
bottle when the juice will be ready kvass
due to the fact that he will be a lot of pressure
there will be a long time going down
of this airspace if
more if there is more air
space, then we will quickly lower the pressure
because he starts to foam and than
less there will be instead for gas for
air the more foam will be long
will unscrew but we we
prepared so do so now
we close the brew immediately say
cold not fasting liz rabani that's how he
came with a birch so he leaves
here is this muscle
mix you can do everything in one
tare
let's put all the juice into the pan
add sugar stir
add bottled raisins
you can do well for you because
that we have a few bottles of only eight
I already have the noise not to flow back and forth
doing it like this
it means the sugar will melt the bottle well
we twist
very good because the pressure will be
big and we lay in horizontal
position a dark place is possible under the field
can basement
Well, so that he does not freeze for a period
about two or three months I did not make a reservation
two or three months and it turns out in the middle
end of summer perfect class chic
good luck to you